c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe.config
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.pdb
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.calculate_profit.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.generate_report.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Member.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Admin.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Main.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.new_feedback.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.payment.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.exe
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.pdb
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.employee_details.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.register.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.shopping_cart.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.feedback.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.souvenir_detail.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.event_detail.resources
c:\users\jstapenguin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.collection_detail.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe.config
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.calculate_profit.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.souvenir_detail.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.event_detail.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.collection_detail.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.employee_details.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.feedback.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.generate_report.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Member.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Admin.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Main.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.new_feedback.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.payment.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.register.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.shopping_cart.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe.config
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.calculate_profit.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.souvenir_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.event_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.collection_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.employee_details.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.feedback.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.generate_report.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Member.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Admin.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Main.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.new_feedback.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.payment.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.register.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.shopping_cart.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe.config
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.calculate_profit.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.souvenir_detail.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.event_detail.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.collection_detail.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.employee_details.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.feedback.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.generate_report.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Member.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Admin.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Main.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.new_feedback.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.payment.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.register.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.shopping_cart.resources
C:\Users\Student\Downloads\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe.config
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.calculate_profit.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.souvenir_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.event_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.collection_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.employee_details.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.feedback.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.generate_report.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Member.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Admin.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Main.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.new_feedback.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.payment.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.register.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.shopping_cart.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Item_Donation.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\museumv4-2\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Loan.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe.config
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Item_Donation.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Loan.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.souvenir_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.event_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.collection_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.employee_details.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.feedback.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.generate_report.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Member.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Admin.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Main.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.new_feedback.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.payment.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.register.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.shopping_cart.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Purchase.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe.config
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Item_Donation.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Loan.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Purchase.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.souvenir_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.event_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.collection_detail.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.employee_details.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.feedback.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.generate_report.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Member.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Admin.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Main.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.new_feedback.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.payment.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.register.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Shopping_cart.resources
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\jstapenguin\Desktop\GameMuseum\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Order.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe.config
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Item_Donation.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Loan.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Order.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Purchase.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.souvenir_detail.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.event_detail.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.collection_detail.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.employee_details.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.feedback.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.generate_report.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Member.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Admin.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.new_feedback.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.payment.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.register.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Shopping_cart.resources
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\china\Desktop\backup\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.MainScreen.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe.config
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\bin\Debug\museumv4.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.ItemDonation.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Loan.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Order.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Ticket.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Souvenir.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Event.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Collection.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Employee.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Feedback.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Finance.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Member.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Admin.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.MainScreen.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.NewFeedback.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Payment.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.Registration.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.ShoppingCart.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Sem 4\SEF\Assignment\Integral\Museum\museumv4\museumv4\obj\Debug\museumv4.pdb
